are the politicians here in Washington
and the pundits across the country are
debating the state of the economy and
whether or not we need a second stimulus
Texas congressman Ron Paul is taking a
contrarian view as he often does about
what the government should and shouldn't
be doing for Americans if you had won
the presidency and obviously you ran for
the presidency what would you be doing
differently than President Obama has
done specifically in way he's handled
the economic crisis I would have done a
lot less about whatever I would have
loud the bankruptcies to occur I mean we
they want we we we allow layman to go
bankrupt so it helps Goldman Sachs and
then we bail out AIG that bails at
golden attack every the people that
we're overextended should be bailed out
debt should be liquidated sooner the
debt was liquidated better the faster
the prone prices come down if can really
understand this you need to understand
1921 the recession depression that came
after World War one was one year long
because we didn't believe in all this
intervention Hoover Hoover messed things
up and Roosevelt compounded it brighter
they believe the government had to prop
up prices especially price of Labor it
didn't work so what what role is or what
would you do as if you had been present
again what rolls up for the federal
government to help the estimated sixteen
million uninsured Americans and the
millions of American families who are at
risk of losing their homes right now
well first you have to stop the
inflation then you have to deregulate
then you give tax credits to the people
who will take care of themselves or to
the doctors who will provide the care
and in a transition and I talked about
this in the campaign in a transition
because we have so many people so
dependent on government say the elderly
right now my ideal society isn't going
to arrive in a week or two or in a
four-year presidency so my argument is
that you can do that you can take care
of people but never with a deficit never
by expanding spend the spending it would
be by cutting spending and I would cut
money overseas I'd cut
hundreds of billions of dollars of this
maintaining our empire around the world
bring that money home take care of the
people who are dependent and then work
for the day where we can trust freedom
once again understand how free markets
actually I mean you think we are in the
past you lobbied that the US should be
out of the UN entirely and we should
disengage is the idea people look at
them so you want a sedition disengage
from the world isn't us a forcible no I
think it's the opposite I want to really
be engaged I want to engage these people
who talk about free trade engaging
around the world they've given us
sanctions against Cuba for four years so
I'm the one that wants to trade and
travel and deal with Cuba and same way
with Iran I want to be engaged i would
say move them in may be away from their
talk to him and say look let's start off
with a soccer game or something I know
that this break the ice is talked to
people this not threaten what we have in
foreign policy is we have two policies
one we threaten them and if they do our
bidding we give them a lot of money if
we don't I don't we bomb them and I say
just talk to them and don't threaten
them and beat this whole idea that North
Korea is a threat to United States or
the Iranians are going to drop a bomb
it's sort of like the argument that we
had to go into Iraq because Saddam
Hussein there's going to bum Washington
DC I mean it's it's nothing more than
war propaganda to build up the
military-industrial complex so turning
back to the counter what is your sense
of the state of the US economy right now
how optimistic or pessimistic aren't
very pessimistic I think I think we
might be through a third
of it and nobody knows how long it will
last the more we do to interfere with
the correction corrections are good we
want to correct the problems but they
won't allow the correction the more we
do the longer it lasts the depression
actually ended after World War Two the
war did not end the depression I mean I
remember the war and we we lived in very
depressed conditions wage and price
controls people didn't have automobiles
it was very depressed ended took that
long to liquidate all the debt and bad
investment finally then the consumer you
know people came back and got jobs and
they weren't in debt and we went back to
work again the one good thing that's
happening right now is people are
starting to save money the government's
Freni you know right would you pay why
you spared yes we must borrow more money
and buy stuff well no they don't need to
buy stuff they need to save money and
pay down debt and then we'll go back to
work and the faster that happens the
better it is for us right so obviously
hindsight's twenty-twenty but who do you
blame if anybody for the housing bubble
and the boom and bust we just went
through was it more than the Fed is it
Wall Street is an American homeowners
who bought more house than they could
afford or your Democratic colleague
Barney Frank who a lot of people say it
was you know people like him who push
low-income housing on people who
couldn't afford it one person one person
Cannes Cannes Cannes did it because he
you know he came into vogue in the 20s
and the 30s and people believed it and
they've been living by this and Nixon
put the rubber stamp on for all
Republicans were all Keynesian now we
all have been we believe in deficit
financing printing press money and and
that created the bubble so it's an
intellectual fight keynes has lost this
and people are starting to recognize the
system doesn't work so now the
underground thought process right now
the thinking goes now on the internet
and elsewhere is Austrian economics they
have the answer to our problem right but
it seems like Cannes is making a
comeback at least here in washington DC
ms going to be more recently because
that's the last hoorah that's that's
what that's like saying well we've had
these two stimulus packages that's all
canes we need one more right the people
laughing of that that's what do you say
what is your sense of the political
appetite right now for another stimulus
package Vincent shadow do you think
we're going to see the gun pressed right
yeah they will and it might get past and
they'll probably waitin next month when
the economy has a few more bad
statistics and red unemployment's eleven
percent we have opened frantically pass
more money and continue to do the things
that created the problem in the first
place